what's wrong with me kids welcome to
another installment of this series that is
exploding on the internet called
drama I had a drama in my life
completely but oh well I hope that later 6 I
have to warn you that in this
installment we bring some other little
surprises as if to enchant you don't
forget to give the like subscribe to the
channel if you don't know and
enjoy the video a hug
[Music]
the haters explode with the signing of
Beijing to Londonize Dallas are you planning to carry
out a
film project the terrible was an
energy the squid game event is coming
in minecraft and Javier Oliveira
will be one of the participants as you may
remember he recently announced a new
role-playing series that
some streamers are preparing such as Aurum
Play and little by little his
'twitter' account London RP is announcing the
participants the streams in which they are going to
collaborate in this new series that will be
done very soon in
tweets well in tweets that each one on their
platform and it seems that a sector of
the audience does not  she has taken very well the
participation of saraví team that has already
been confirmed as you can see in some of
the messages that I am leaving you on
screen the majority of people are
insulting her saying things like that she will
be behind d auro all the time that she
will have a literal [ __ ] sorry for the
word of character that her role will be very
boring or things like for example that the one who plays a
nazi role I do not know
why there is a sector of the audience that
has so much
hate for her abidín I do not like having to give this news in fact some things are lies as simple as that in marbella by she was not behind autos all the time in fact most of the time she was with start yuki with the other girls and she only met with aurum on some
occasions especially at the end but
seeing the photograph of the avatars of
these twitter profiles I believe that
most of the people come from the
fan where re board ifab where persie
is and not because they are really because of
paranoia that people invent that
in fact are conclusions that
people draw from their sleeves that
still well nobody has confirmed  and they
call her connected the so-called connected and
how she rents to be Aurum Play's girlfriend
and well the truth is that almost all the
series work so he's not
connected because of cronyism he's connected because he
's family or because I hung up or otherwise it does
n't seem a bit absurd I won't be
reading your comments box and saying
much about what you think about
this hate coming his way from a completely disproportionate point of view
Dallas
announces on his Twitter account that he's
soon going to get into film watch out
this guy does absolutely
everything this is a question as you know you've been
telling me for a while that you would
like me to make a feature film
but seriously the thing is that with my reputation
I have many doors closed
forever if I were to make a click starter to
produce a movie I would support it or I read a
kit be with you in case you don't know what
a kind of petreos is well it's a
kind of crowdfunding rather not
because it's a collection of money in which
people can participate and
collaborate with a project in which they
collaborate  once valuable it's not like
a subscription like becoming a member
stony or liza or something like that I didn't want to be
you it's a donation that you make
to support a project like
crowdfunding the truth is that
personal opinion some of the projects that
dallas has done have not had the success
that he expected I think because
some have been too ambitious or
even some fanciful and this
movie thing may seem crazy
to people it depends on how it is
focused and what the
movie is going to be about but I say one thing and I'm not saying it
as a joke now when we give him the
second part with an explanation that he has
put you will see that one possibility is
that it will be about his own life a
feature film about his own life the whole
story of giving the review with his ex
girlfriend the cancellation that they have done
the trials is about the dog not
impressive about the dog that
is still in him well they don't treat us in the air
but it is in the air all this whole thing
that story has always caught a
lot of attention throughout the internet because the
truth is that it has been the story of
unfair cancellation towards a person
a kind of media escraches like the one
Antonio de Vino has been made,
we have seen it all over Spain. People
who don't know about Spain have not
experienced it, but here in Spain
something incredible has happened, a cancellation
labeling
Dallas as an abuser, it's not just the label of
abuser, he was labeled everything, that is, a
pedophile, an abuser, an
animal abuser, everything, he was missing
labeling him a murderer, all of this in a
feature film or rather in a
series format like the one that has been made, for
example, which is very fashionable now. In
fact, the format of his series, Dolores
Vázquez, has been made with strong cases, not
with that of Marta del Castillo,
cancer, the crazy Rocío Carrasco, to get
Rocío Carrasco out, well, it has been a
bit of a joke in the documentary, but in
that well-documented format, everything with
all the evidence and everything, listen to me, I would bet on
that, I'm telling you seriously, in
the tradition of joking, I would bet on
that and I think that
some brand itself could even buy that if it
were  that's the way it is and so if it were
for the story of his life his case all
well documented with papers check
with testimony that not a comma is missing
or as we have seen in other
documentaries no that would be a bombshell it
will be a bombshell because it would also be
worldwide it would not be something
only for Spain for one country no
as I see many people asking
questions I have written this mini document
answering your questions read it and tell me
if you have any questions by the way if
anyone has worked with nube fx within
a
45 with camera trade king from vive or
whatever put me in some red in ripley and
nothing here basically it explains what it is
although being you
explains why it risks us to make the
investment completely and that is why I would ask for
a key start to see if people would
support it that would also give one with the
quiz being it would give you the right to collaborate
to some tickets not the day it is
released you can't well see bad it is not
sincerely as I have already said more it does
not seem to me I think that it
should also be proposed on some occasion to
make some type of investment some type
of projects more I do not know if it is realistic
will it be the most common normal word not in
plan a restaurant chain a series
of businesses something that moves money
in such a way that it guarantees you an
assured income for life is something like that worth it
no because this type of project maybe
always remains a bit up in the
air not like books the books say that we
give a little money the video games
the platforms these streets and so on no
I think that you should also consider it or
seek advice so that
someone can advise you not where you put your
eggs in several baskets as they say
no but hey this could be
interesting it could give us a lot to
talk about also it's that you guys give us an opinion on
Chile going to the checkout and this year
a red wine called energy became very popular
which was a red wine that basically you could
n't see it because honestly I'm
going to do with this you couldn't see
any kind of charisma or
special talent what happens is that he did
stupid things while drinking
energy drinks energy drinks should be
taken with great caution be it
Hector it's not stupid it's a
drink that is very fashionable right now
but it is a drink that can be
dangerous to your health if you abuse
them because they have
heart circulation problems  and of a lot of
things I personally can't
take many with my
Crohn's disease I took some repulsion
only when I'm very exhausted very
tired it's once a month every two months
but for example there are brands I'm not going to
say which ones so as not to give them bad
publicity because in my case there are no
brands that make me feel terrible and that I ca
n't read okay huge cans and they make me
feel terrible this guy what he does is
talk about energy drinks
recommend some energy drinks
some memes some jokes he doesn't
talk to you about all the types of flavors there are
and it went very viral to the point that
many streamers like for example and me
juan or the ones who have
participated with him live in thing and he
even participated because they invited him
well he participated with choca yes to this one
in the sex value scene of ri wang
hispano of this year or in other words what a
person does that they counted on the other tic
touch that is called capa capable with many
h I don't know if this
text that has exposed it is pronounced like that since he has
received certain conversations
apparently with minors with underage girls
in which energy would be
trying to flirt  with them it turns out that at
27 years old she was in the month of
a minor the girl passed me
the conversations on Instagram I summarize
the events the girl went live she
asked him several things he answered her
rude she called him rude and he got
in her month every month and rude because I
mante said nice things and you
answered me rude he had a girlfriend by his side
haha ​​in case you think I didn't know she
was a minor one day already in high school the girl
is 16 years old she
always deleted the conversation so you do
n't catch her talking about her girlfriend and in case you
thought the conversations were
fake
but with other eyes when you want you have to make
one thing clear because
people on the internet when something happens it
is directly labeled pedophilia
this type of moves okay this even if it
is shady very shady in fact in addition
this dictated that he has no energy he has a
partner and is trying to flirt with a
lot of women apparently while he
had a partner but this is not called
pedophilia in the first place because they
tell us that it is shady and although there is a lot of
age difference for the  young people who
are 16 years old is legal it is shady but it is
legal and in the case that it was before the age of
16, like from 13 years old to
16, that would not be pedophilia but would
have another definition which is
ephebophilia I say this because on many
occasions there have been cases of youtuber
who have done illegal things with
minors not from 13 14 years old and
things like that but it is not pedophilia it is
ephebophilia in this case we are talking
about something that gives him is shady because
the legal is wrong because in addition this
guy has a partner energy he has been
trending on twitter for 48 hours
no more no less because of this cancellation in
seen I can't even tell you about the number of texts there are
with tens and hundreds of thousands of
views calling him everything for this case there
are no canceling those in which he has
come out to give a completely
stupid excuse that has no justification
whatsoever because in addition in those
conversations that apparently are from
several girls not just one and he is
trying to meet up with them and flirt with
them I say that now the conversation goes
so that people could see it I don't know  how
is your love relationship or anything but in
mine there are always a bit of third parties
so the less girls have
conversations the better for me the better for
them better for the relationship
history of robberies talking to them like that
16 way that is not nice people
precisely so you are telling me
that every time I talk to someone I have
brutal first the age to it is
seen that this kid well has suffered
bullying in his life and after having
suffered a bestial bullying according to his
own words it started with the
uncle the energy drinks and so on and when he
became popular well they stopped
bullying him and the guy well he got carried
away and he saw himself in
the situation where he has the power to
flirt with people but of course kids I really want
a little turbo because the truth is that
a 27 year old boy likes a
16 year old girl well the truth is besides that
excerpts from his live shows have appeared
that was much to be desired they are not
quite rare comments
but the thing would be
18 is
also starting to be quite quite
quite real and the case has come out
of another girl who says this July
a video game event was held in Malaga where she
went to energy with  a
girl that I knew when I greeted her he
greeted me and I had no idea who she
was the strange thing was that she started chasing me
throughout the event literally I got to the
point of having to hide she
sent my friend to come get
me telling me there that she wants to
take a picture with you and he is very annoying
says that he liked it and they don't let me and
then he continues saying he got my insta
and started following me but I didn't give him the
bakos she didn't follow him back and to
this day she follows me the thing is that
after harassing me throughout the event and
even having to run with the letters
asking his friend to tell him that I
will pass and not to pay attention, I received a
message from him asking for forgiveness he says he does
n't have a screenshot of what happened before but the
conversation stayed like that and it's
basically the girl you can see that she
responds to something but she deleted it and
says nothing's wrong and then energy
responds 107 uncomfortable it was not my
intention as you can see
strange situations remain quite a lot that thinking well
as many of you already know in fact
yesterday the reaction to the trailer and the
announcement itself also went up no aurum play
comanche and rubios has announced the new
series that will last six days it is a tweet -
rival in which 150
youtubers will participate and it is about the
squid game adapted in minecraft among those
150 participants already announced that I am I am
lucky you know that I do not that I am
not into video game series and that
in fact when you are playing with
you guys well in the end I leave them
halfway because I do not have time guys
many to the pse or with many channels and
so on but this one lasted six days it
really caught my attention and I was left with
the desire to play it from the
squid game so nothing in this series
yes I will be I hope you are
supporting me you will not have to support me
much because it will surely last one day not
with I am already training at
night I am training quite hard I am
going to train all week at
least to get the trick and the vice
not to what is handling the
minecraft character because last night when I started
training I was not able  jumping three
blocks okay and fighting I can't even tell you so I'll
probably do some string
during the week while I'm
training so they laugh at me and nothing
family the participants have not yet been confirmed
I more or less being in
the group of records that they have put me in
because I can see who is there what happens
is that in the group there are more than 150 people
involved so I don't know which ones and which ones
not we will see in these days but this
series is coming it's coming powerful and
fun family and nothing until here
today's video I hope you liked it
give it a like comment in the
comments box on all the topics that are
shown and always with respect to all the
participants of the
comments box and all the characters that we
have talked about in these news we will
see you in the next video taking
a huge hug
[Music] [
Music]